Development guide: fix link to build documentation page (#15889)
koreader/koreader: doc/Development_guide.md

# Development Guide

> The whole frontend part of KOReader is scripted in [Lua](http://www.lua.org/about.html) programming language which means you can start development with just a decent text editor. Instructions about how to get and compile the source of the backend part on a linux OS are [here](Building.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The whole frontend part of KOReader is scripted in the [Lua](http://www.lua.org/about.html) programming language, which means you can start development with just a decent text editor. Instructions about how to get and compile the source of the backend part on a Linux OS can be found [here](Building.md)
```

> The whole frontend part of KOReader is scripted in [Lua](http://www.lua.org/about.html) programming language which means you can start development with just a decent text editor. Instructions about how to get and compile the source of the backend part on a linux OS are [here](https://github.com/koreader/koreader/blob/master/doc/Building.md)

Reviewer: This should do the trick.
```suggestion
The whole frontend part of KOReader is scripted in [Lua](http://www.lua.org/about.html) programming language which means you can start development with just a decent text editor. Instructions about how to get and compile the source of the backend part on a linux OS are [here](Building.md)
```
